Minimum Acceptable Use Agreement
As a condition of use of API.Bible, you agree to the following Minimum Acceptable Use standards. For more, refer to API.Bible Terms & Conditions, which can be found on the API.Bible website.

Content Integrity: Modification of content from API.Bible and affiliated IP Holders is not permitted. The integrity of the Scriptures must be preserved in all forms of usage. All cached content from API.Bible must be updated at least once every 30 days from API.Bible.

Format Restrictions: All copyrighted content is only for use in the format in which it is provided (i.e. text or audio). Text may not be used to create audio content or vice versa.

Copyright Compliance: All copyright and licensing terms guidelines must be adhered to for each individual content entity (text, audio), based on that content IP’s copyright and license. All copyright content must be cited as detailed in the API.Bible Terms & Conditions.

Citation format: Scriptures quotations marked [Bible translation abbreviation] © are taken from the [Bible translation name] © , Copyright [Copyright Year] [Organization name]. Used by permission. All rights reserved. The [Abbreviation] text may not be quoted in any publication made available to the public by a Creative Commons license. The [Abbreviation] may not be translated into any other language. Website: [IP Holder's url]

If space constrained, you may abbreviate to: [Bible translation abbreviation] © [Year] [Organization name.] All rights reserved.

Artificial Intelligence restrictions: The use of any copyright content, including Creative Commons licensed content, accessed via API.Bible for training generative Artificial Intelligence (AI) or Large Language Models (LLMs), is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of both API.Bible and the copyright content’s IP Holder.

Logo and Brand identity: Logos of Bible versions, IP Holders, API.Bible or American Bible Society are not provided for use without prior express written consent from the owner.

Biblical Ministry Consistency: Engaging in or promoting illegal or immoral activities is strictly prohibited. Any content accessed from API.Bible must be used in a manner that maintains the moral integrity, spirit, fervor, and message consistency of the Christian Bible and statement of orthodoxy, including not conflicting with the following:

God’s plan for human sexuality is to be expressed only within the context of marriage, and that marriage is exclusively the union of one genetic male and one genetic female. (Gen 2:24; Mat 19:5-6; Mark 10:6-9; Rom. 1:26-27; 1 Cor 6:9.)

God wonderfully and immutably creates each person biological male or female. Rejection of one’s biological sex is a rejection of God’s merciful design and creative order. (Gen 1:26-27;1 Cor 6:9; Deut. 22:5)*
